Document openSUSE Leap Micro, remove openSUSE MicroOS (#2088)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/clients-opensuseleapmicro.adoc

[[clients-opensuseleapmicro]]
= Registering {leapmicro} Clients

This section contains information about registering clients running these {leapmicro} operating systems:

* {leapmicro} 5.3 {x86_64}
* {leapmicro} 5.3 {arm64}

The {leapmicro} is an ultra-reliable, lightweight operating system purpose built for edge computing.
It leverages the enterprise hardened security and compliance components of SUSE Linux Enterprise and merges them with a modern, immutable, developer-friendly OS platform.

The {leapmicro} uses transactional updates.
Transactional updates are atomic (all updates are applied only if all updates succeed) and support rollbacks.

> They do not affect a running system as no changes are activated until after the system is rebooted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They do not affect the running system because no changes are activated until the system is rebooted.
```

Author: Fine, but keep in mind this is a copy paste of what you already have for SLE Micro :-)

| {leapmicro} 5.3 aarch64

|===

include::snippets/addchannels_vendor_webui.adoc[]

Alternatively, you can add channels at the command prompt.
The channels you need for this procedure are:

[[opensuse-channels-cli]]
[cols="1,1", options="header"]
.OpenSUSE Channels - CLI
|===

| OS Version | Base Channel
| {leapmicro} | opensuse-leap-micro-5.3-pool

|===

include::snippets/addchannels_vendor_cli.adoc[]

endif::[]

ifeval::[{uyuni-content} == true]
[[opensuse-channels-cli]]

[cols="1,1,1,1", options="header"]
.OpenSUSE Channels - CLI
|===

| OS Version
| Base Channel
| Client Channel
| SLE Updates Channel

| {leapmicro} 5.3
| opensuse_micro5_3
| opensuse_micro5_3-sle-updates
| opensuse_micro5_3-uyuni-client

|===

include::snippets/addchannels_novendor_cli.adoc[]

endif::[]

== Check Synchronization Status

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]

include::snippets/check_sync_webui_suma.adoc[]

endif::[]

ifeval::[{uyuni-content} == true]

include::snippets/check_sync_webui_uyuni.adoc[]

endif::[]

include::snippets/check_sync_cli.adoc[]

[IMPORTANT]
====
{leapmicro} channels can be very large.
Synchronization can sometimes take several hours.
====

== Register Clients

[WARNING]
====

> ${leapmicro} clients require reboot after registering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{leapmicro} clients require reboot after registering.
```

Reboot is automatically scheduled after registration is completed, but it is respecting the default reboot manager maintenance window.
This window may be several hours after the client is registered.
To speed up {leapmicro} registration, manually reboot the client after the registration script finishes.
====

> To register your {leapmicro} clients, you need a bootstrap repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register {leapmicro} clients, you need a bootstrap repository.
```

By default, bootstrap repositories are automatically created, and regenerated daily for all synchronized products.

> You can manually create the bootstrap repository from the command prompt, using this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually create the bootstrap repository from the command prompt, using the command:
```

Author: Same as before.

----
mgr-create-bootstrap-repo
----

> For more information on registering your clients, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on registering clients, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].
```

Author: Same as before.
